# Scripts

## PowerShell

### Clean FPV Subtitles

Loop through SRT files generated by DJI FPV recording to customize the format.

* **Parameters:**
    * **RootDir -** Directory path to root of DJI FPV recordings.

### Logic Apps Report Builder

Loop through a CSV of Logic App details to compile and output a recent activity and status report.

* **Parameters:**
    * **InputCsvPath -** File path to the input CSV that contains Logic App details to loop over and build a report from.
        * **CSV Schema -** `SubscriptionId,ResourceGroupName,LogicAppName,CustomerName,Direction`
        * **Default Value -** Current working directory's `inputs` directory named `Logic Apps List.csv`.
        * **Notes:**
            * Records that have a `SubscriptionId` that begins with a hash (`#`) will not be included in the report. This is most likely only used for development purposes.
    * **OutputDir -** Path to the directory of where to output the generated CSV files.
        * **Default Value -** Current working directory's `outputs` directory.
    * **ThresholdOffset -** Number of days to offset the Logic App run history filter by.
        * **Default Value -** 0
    * **SkipAzAuth -** Skip Azure authentication?
        * **Notes:**
            * This option is only useful when your terminal is already authenticated and connected to Azure.
    * **SkipAzData -** Skip retrieving Logic App run history details from Azure?
        * **Notes:**
            * This option is only useful when you would like to rebuild the report from existing data in the `OutputDir`.
* **Outputs:**
    * **Logic Apps Run History (Raw).csv -** Logic App run history for each of the Logic Apps listed in the `InputCsvPath`.
    * **Logic Apps Run History (Report).csv -** Formatted report of the raw Logic App run history details.
